Capture 7 (#628)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/modes/browser-options.md

## Color Schemes

Sets [prefers-color-scheme](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) to `light` or `dark` to test how your components look in different color schemes.

```jsx
// ArticleCard.stories.js

import { allModes } from "../.storybook/modes";
import { ArticleCard } from "./ArticleCard";

export default {
  component: ArticleCard,
  title: "ArticleCard",
  parameters: {
    chromatic: {
      modes: {
        Light: {
          colorScheme: 'light'
        },
        Dark: {
          colorScheme: 'dark'
        },
      },
    },
  },
};
```

## Device Pointer

Simulates touch events which is useful for testing components that rely on touch interactions such as tap and swipe.

```js
// ArticleCard.stories.js

import { allModes } from "../.storybook/modes";
import { ArticleCard } from "./ArticleCard";

export default {
  component: ArticleCard,
  title: "ArticleCard",
  parameters: {
    chromatic: {
      modes: {
        Mobile: {
          hasTouch: true
        },
      },
    },
  }
};
```

## Device Locale

> Emulate the user locale. Note that this will also change `navigator.language` and `Accept-Language` request headers.  This is essential for testing internationalization, date/number formatting, and right-to-left layouts.

Reviewer: Again, words are not precious, but we could go with something as follows:
```suggestion
Emulate the user locale. Enabling this option will also change the `navigator.language` and `Accept-Language` request headers, common when testing internationalization features (e.g., date formatting, number formatting, and right-to-left layouts).
```
